summer is right around the corner I am
going to share six important items to
keep your baby safe in the Sun keeping
your baby safe and the Sun is super
important you want to make sure you have
their arms and legs covered in
lightweight light-colored clothing or
even better get something with UV
protection built right in
we know it's super important to protect
ourselves from the Sun with a hat so I
like to recommend something that has
flaps in the back for neck protection or
a brim that's wide enough to shade the
face not all sunscreens are the same
unlike many other baby sunscreens
Neutrogena pure and free baby is powered
by a hundred percent mineral sunscreen
active ingredients like zinc oxide this
makes it gentle on baby's skin which is
ten times more sensitive than adults and
it's non-irritating formula doesn't have
any fragrances parabens or dyes it's
great to get outside with your baby
a pop-up stroller shade like this one
has built in UV protection and fits over
your strollers canopy to shelter your
baby chances are you're going to hit the
beach and you kind of want to keep your
baby cool and protected a great thing to
have is an outdoor Sun tent with
built-in UV protection don't forget
about your baby's eyes to try a pair of
UV protective sunglasses if your baby
will keep them on finally try and keep
your baby out of the Sun all together
between peak hours of 10 a.m. and 4 p.m.
and keep your baby in the shade whenever
possible now go ahead and enjoy your
summer